
Summary:
	Introduction  of JS
	How Software industry runs? and their types?
	How Software industry makes money?
	Architectural diagram of web Application
	

JavaScript:
	JS is a programming language that allows you to create interactive, dynamic behavior on websites.
	
	HTML is the structure
	CSS is the style
	JS is the brain it makes the website come alive!
	
	Definition: "Javascript is a single threaded Synchronous dynamically typed partially object oriented client side scripting 
	language used to create static as well as dynamic web applications"
	
	Meaning:
		Any langauge is used to perform operations on the data. not possible using HTML/CSS

		single threaded(Synchronous):  it means only one piece of code runs at a time in a single thread.

		dynamically typed: 
		
		partially object oriented: OOPS
		
		Client Side.

		Scripting language:
				In software industry there are two types of languages:
					1. Scripting 
					2. Programming
				
				1. Programming: To run a program:
					There are tow step:
						Compilation(compiler): converting our understandable code into machine language
						Execution: to execute the complied code
						
						If any error in the code then your code will not execute.

						Example: Java, C, C++ etc.
				2. Scripting: 
					In scripting language only one step is followed i.e execution of code
					Compilation is not required
					Untill we are not getting any error our code will be executed properly till end point
					Example: JS, PHP, Python etc

		Static and dynamic applications:
				Static:
						All the content of the web application will be writtent in the front end or client side.
						If I need to reuse/update the content I need to rewrite it.
						I we need to do the modification in the content then we need to do it at multiple palces.
				
				Dynamic:
						All then content of the web application will be handledfrom the data base.
						I can re-write the data and retrive as many as multiple times.
						If I want to do modification that is possible and the content will be reflected at the same time.

		Web applications:
			Web applications are software which can be executed on the web server
			We can use browser to access the web application.


Features in JS:
	JS was developed by Brendon Eich(developer) at Netscape company in 1995
	Laster JS was called ECMA Script or ES
	ECMA: European computer Manufacturing Association
	Lightweight
	Can insert new html element dynamically
	JS is used to handle events
	It is client side
	Less server side interaction
	Faster and immediate feedback
	It supported by all the modern browsers

Limitations:
	Can not use JS for multi threading
	Can not use for Networking applications
	




				
				
	
		
		
	
		
		
		